chore(docs): Update v0.23 upgrade guide (#13906)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2022-07-07-0-23-0-upgrade-guide.md

      - watch
```

#### `datadog_agent` source metrics now contain a namespace parsed from the event name {#datadog-agent-source-metric-namespace}

Incoming events from the `datadog_agent` source contain a name that is `.` (period) delimited where the first element is the namespace eg "system.fs.inodes.total". Before this release, the metric event outputted by the `datadog_agent` source contained an empty namespace, and the name contained the full unparsed name from the Datadog Agent. In this release, the namespace is parsed out of the name. Taking the prior example, the event name becomes "fs.inodes.todal" and the namespace is "system".

> This was introduced in order to handle interactions with the `datadog_agent` source and the `datadog_agent` sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was introduced in better handle metrics sent from the `datadog_agent` source to the `datadog_metrics` sink, where previously they would be lacking a namespace and so would have one added by the sink if `default_namespace` was set.
```
